Open pacgen_report.html
look for new mod to install
ctrl click the update button this will take you to the mods page, now download the newest file
from here open up admin files and click on select files under Single Upload. Navigate to where the download file has been saved and upload that.
When it's finished uploading a pop up will come up showing the new XML info. Leave that open and go over to the admin XML tab.
Find the mod you have updated in the XML and copy over what's in the small box (on the admn files tab) and replace the old info with the new info (on the admin XML tab)
Click save.
Restart the launcher and launch your dev version of RW. Make sure you get to the main screen and it's not crashing, if it does crash you'll need to find the problem.
IF IT CRASHES - 1. Open up the launcher and click on open folder under RW's instances.
                 2. Find a folder called ForgeModLoader-0.log and open it with notepad ++
                 3. From here click on the search tab at the top of the page. Type in conflict and press in current document. this should bring up any conflicts there is.
                    from here you need to edit the config file of the mod to an ID that's free (this includes Items ID's too, Item ID's are offset by 265 meaning if it says the item ID is 26000 on the notepad the physical ID in game is 26256, keep this in mind when trying to find free Item Ids using the pack dumps we have
                 4. Once conflicts have been sorted load MC and make sure it gets to the main screen, check the forgemodloader-0.log for any other conflicts (you can get Item ID conflicts even if the  main screen loads up!)
                 5. If you have changed any configs at all you'll need to also save them to the git repository folder under the configs folder. IMPORTANT, otherwise people aren't going to get your changes
IF THE ABOVE IS FINE OR YOU HAVE DONE THE CHANGES CARRY ON:
Now that everything is ok and MC runs fine with no conflicts or issues copy over the new mod info to the pack.xml, this will change things for other people.
Once you have done that save the new info and commit the changes, then push.
Rinse and repeat